Meet Tiandoulong Shuai
Curl Dragon Shuai
He is actually Tiandoulong Shuai
We are all blind
Finished but finished
Lin Ce is actually the Heaven Dou Dragon Shuai
No, I must be dreaming.
You've been talking to the person who promoted me as Ma Bu
That's impossible.
Li Ce, we're not divorced yet, are we?
We are still husband and wife, right?
Miss Sun, we are divorced.
It doesn't matter anymore, Li Ce
I was deceived by hatred
I still like you in my heart
I beg you to forgive me
How to deal with Long Shuai and these people?
They are not qualified to enjoy the favor of our Heaven Dou
void all
Hit yes
hit
Hahaha
Su Ya
Is the news you just said true, my lord?
This news came from within Heaven Dou
Absolutely.
So it seems
Even if Ling Ce pulled out the Eight Desolate Thieves
He is not a Heavenly Dragon Bolt either
Sir, he made trouble in Tiandou Skylark just now
Isn't that dead?
Why did he just
And a confident look
Don't forget that he has a close relationship with Lord Lian Zhen
Maybe he did it on the will of Heaven Dou
So don't worry about him.
I hope my speculation is correct
There's a big difference at the top of your mountain.
Long Shuai has something to report to you.